what's up guys welcome back to another
episode of the Blitz of all games here
today for episode 69 there'll be no
jokes today I'm a mature adult here haha
yes there'll be no jokes today at all
let's go scout honey that's our that's a
great combination not gonna lie anyways
so why want to talk about today or
briefly talk about today is the
Minecraft 1.9 update because holy shit
has everyone been really angry about
that and I the community is pissing me
off and so that's all I have to say
really so let me just talk about well I
mean you guys probably know what that
pace I don't have to explain it wise but
basically what the community was up in
arms about is removal a spam clicking
which is something that I do a lot so
you think I'd be pissed off or you think
I would even care honestly um but no I'm
actually pretty happy with the change
that they it's a change that needed to
happen I don't know why people were so
angry about it honestly it's a change
that needed to happen and the ability
for sir owners to what the this guy's
off center by a lot and just taking rear
animal enough back well um the decision
or the ability for silver owners to set
the amount of nocturnal health
knockbacks st know these the ability of
spam click or not is a really good one
that's great for some rollers good for
everything so I'm actually very happy
with what they did there but what bugs
me about the entire system is how it all
went down in the community and the
community honestly should have been
ignored I honestly believe that the
community should have been ignored spam
clicking should have been removed
forever for just because of the
community's reaction and I know that's a
harsh thing to say I understandably but
you know at the same time I think it's
deserved I think it should happen it
should be you know it sure my opinion
isn't necessary popular with community
but at the same time I believe that span
clicking should have been removed simply
because the way the community reacted
the community fucking stupid you know
why are these people so detik that
dedicated and cleaning me up is going to
rinse the why don't care I will let you
two fight and then I'll clean you guys
up right so anyways the way the
community reacted pissed me off to no
end there is no reason for what the
community did the PvP community was
pathetic in the first place on minecraft
it was always very toxic always very
stupid because it's a it's a game based
off of jitter clicking and ping and shit
like that it's not even a skill-based
game a skill based community so I don't
know why even more so on their high
horse anyways in the first place and
then they remove stem clicking and this
happened then evolved not even got death
threats you know saying you should kill
yourself for what you do to the game and
what not I mean come on guys fucking
death threats what the serious fuck guys
are you fucking kidding me there's never
more of a time that I didn't want to be
part of a community then now holy shit
um yeah pissed me off to no end that
reaction from the community so yeah guys
please have more respect especially I
can understand getting pissed off for
something that you should legit get
pissed off about I'm not saying that
you're that it's I can understand where
you guys were coming from but on a
snapshot on the first release of
snapshot that big of course they're
gonna change things of course they're
gonna change it there ah oh my god just
pissed me off because there's snapshots
there's nothing final about them there's
literally nothing final there's no chest
back in that mr. are you fucking kidding
me some Randy got a blister oh god this
guy talking horse fucks sakes are you
kidding me also hack lines without spam
clicking had clients are all mostly
useless which is something that people
should realize
this guy was a hacking it was just
really like it hey look at some guy with
a blister you didn't use it did you nope
didn't use it Rex easy flawless
minecraft pvp is so skillful of
skill-based you know alright GG guys
I'll see you in the next game all right
here we are back on Citadel we're gonna
go on i-10 so today they released a new
snapshot and they added it so that way
armor that's almost broken will do
almost no protection and for some reason
that pvp community is really pissed off
about that you ever check the amount of
Jubilee that you take on your armor in
blitz and scours and mega walls this
never really that bad it's not something
that will ever affect hypixel games it's
something that was only there to make
survival even worse than it already is
and almost no PB player pvp players play
survival so i'm not sure why the pvp
commute even cares about this change is
there's almost no reason to h
no I went for my crit in there I didn't
need to use or whatever anyways guys
i've been working on this server a lot
lately because i'm trying to get done
within a certain time frame because i
have family coming up and i really
wanted to have the application basically
done before then so yes i've been
working on a ton i have kind of hit a
snag that not exactly sure i did a lot
of google searches about this um right
in so long since I've done this did you
just jump into the larger gauge I took a
bunch of fall damage to that way you can
come in fight me on land but nope first
anyway so I got this problem i am not
sure exactly how to fix it so i have
this disguise the plugin and has an API
and I say it all up so that way it works
with my scoreboard on my desk messages
and everything and what the problem I'm
having is is I want to have us the way
the client reloads that player because
if you typically use this geyser plugins
i'm pretty sure no one he really does
but if you ever use these guys are
plugins you would know that you
typically disappear from the screens
after they cross kill each other you
could do / kill now the block is nae
forever to kill you if I block thank you
for letting when I guess but i'm pretty
sure what anyways to be honest i want to
make it so that way i can reload the
players on the client sent and i'm not
exactly sure how to go about that I try
teleporting them to far away places
leaving them to fall for to ask I for a
couple seconds and a top wearing them
back to force why would consider it
would be enough and then you know
through dimensions even and nothing
works
you
at least that's great for they guys so
thank you all for watching and I'll see
you all next time bye